(first time meeting)
Yo, heard you'd be comin' around.
Name's Johnny. They call me Tofu John because I love tofu ALMOST as much as Norman likes their eggs.
On my life I've seen them binge eat nothing but scrambled eggs at that pancake place for 2 hours that one day...
Anyway, I'm probably gettin' ahead of myself.
You've got somewhere to get to, right? Tryna join someone?
Just tell me where and I'll find you a seat.
[Type in the SERVER ADDRESS your host gave you]
Alright, 'cya round.

(below: address not recognized for the first time)
...Huh, I don't think I've seen that address before.
Welp, sucks to suck.
...Nah, you don't suck.
This sucks though, the whole "wrong address" thing.
Maybe try double checking it?

(below: exiting out of the menu)
Not feelin' it right now?
I getcha.
Welp, 'cya round.

(below: winning a level for the first time)
You made that look easy, huh?
Lemme tell ya, when I look into your eyes I see a fiery spirit like no other.
...except for that one guy, and that other guy, and...
...People like you just have a LOTTA fiery spirit, huh?
Welp, keep that fire burnin'.

(below: quitting a level unprompted for the first time)
Not feelin' it today, huh?
Well, I won't chastise ya for it.
Previous guy though, MAN he'd chew you out!
What'd they say his name was...
Was it Claire... Morgan...
Eric...
...wait, the previous guy  was...
...Wait, that was...
...Well, who cares about that guy now, amirite?
Better place without him I tell ya.

(below: quitting a level after dying for the first time)
WOW, you got your butt kicked, huh?
...Sorry, I bet you're probably already ticked off enough right now...
Welp, no point in sittin' around complainin' about it.
C'mon, on your feet...
Feel free to stop by later if you wanna give it another go
You hold a LOT more potential than you realize.
C'ya round.

(below: entering the join menu, normal)
Alright pal, where 'ya headed?
[Type in the SERVER ADDRESS your host gave you]
Alright, good luck out there.

(below: wrong address, normal)
Ehhhh...
I don't think that's quite right.
Maybe double-check the address, 'cause I don't think I recognize it...

(talk #1)
...
Look, pal, I'm gonna be honest.
There's a lot of stuff in life you're gonna wanna do,
and a lot of stuff in life you won't be able to do,
and a lot of stuff in life you don't think you CAN do.
Nothin' wrong with takin' it easy though.
Life doesn't craft people like Norman very often.
Don't beat yourself up because you think you're not doing enough.
...Long as you're still kickin', that's enough for me.
Talk to 'ya later.

(talk #2)
...
Okay, so about Norman.
Yeah, I know, sometimes it feels like they talk too much,
but they still feel so VAGUE, don't they?
Like, when's the last time they actually opened up to someone?
Are they hiding depression, or are they just doing some kind of "mysterious" schtick?
Almost all the time they're cooped up in their library, sometimes not even writing...
and they make BANK from it! How???
...Well, if I gave a crap, I wouldn't be here right now.
...Okay, no, screw that, I ain't leavin' this job.
Believe it or not, movin' this train is my passion in life.
What's yours?

(talk #3)
...
Ever since all the other libraries closed, my sis Charlie's been havin' it rough.
She used to be Norman's publisher,
but now all the books they publish go straight into Norman's own massive library.
I think she's got some kinda music gig now.
Not composing, but publishing for... someone.
Dunno who, not my problem, lol.
Probably an up-and-coming cute chick. She loves those.
Anyhoo, when you're on your way out, can you stop by and check up on her for me?
Her place has I THINK, if my memory serves,
a rainbow tinted circular logo with a quarter note imprinted on it.
If you see that, go to it.
You're not gonna regret it.
Talk to 'ya later.

(talk #4)
...
You ever wonder what the water in those blue temples tastes like?
Like, it looks so sparkly, which implies it's carbonated,
but also so... ah, what was the word?
I know I was thinking of a word, but I JUST forgot it.
...
SHINY! SHINY was the word!
And that like neon-cyan color...
I know it can't be poisonous, I've seen Norman drink it before.
And Norman's been hospitalized from common colds before.
Anyhoo, every time I ask them about it, I just get the usual.
"Press CTRL+S to save levels!"
Like yeah, I know that! I've played that game with all those dungeons before!
That train driver from the game is SUPER hot, by the way.
But anyway, they NEVER tell me anything about the water!
Is it water?? Is it milk with blue tea in it???
Next time you're around one of those blue temples, could you please grab a sip and tell me about it later?
Anything you find interesting, actually.
'Cause even if it turns out awful... well, you've still got me to complain to!
Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere.
Well, I'm actually going a LOT of places, it's kind of my thing,
but I'll be at this exact location SPECIFICALLY when you need me.
Welp, before you go...
Remember to try the water, and other cool stuff!
Talk to 'ya later.

(talk #5, only if no levels have been made and talk #4 has been discussed)
...
Hey, I noticed you haven't made any levels yet.
What's that about, huh?
Nothing wrong with it, just...
...
No way you're gonna go your WHOLE life without having a go at level-making, right?
Don't lock yourself outta stuff, pal.
...
So, Norman actually got back to me about the water.
It actually tastes pretty good.
Maybe you can find your own temple water to try, you know?
It's easy if you look for it.
Think about it for a bit.
Talk to 'ya later.

(talk #5 if levels have been made and talk #4 has been discussed)
...
Well, you've been pretty busy, huh?
Good on your part.
Me, if I didn't have this train to drive all day,
I think I'd go insane!
BAH ha ha ha!
Norman got back to me about the water, by the way.
They're definitely a fan.
Maybe try some next time you stop by...
Or anything in a similar vein.
Whatever it is, I'm rootin' for ya.
Talk to 'ya later.

(talk #6)
...
Y'know, driving this train is pretty fun.
Get to see all sorts of weird places.
But I don't step out of the train to see them at ground level often.
You, though?
You've got the whole world to explore.
Sure, maybe you don't get the chance very often.
But if you can, you really should.
All these places look super cool from up here.
Don't worry, I'll help 'ya get there.
Talk to 'ya later.